doc: migration-guide-3.6: add note about async serial shell (#69018)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.6.rst

  macro accepts additional arguments (ring buffer TX & RX size arguments) for compatibility with
  previous Zephyr version, but they are ignored, and will be removed in future release.

> * :kconfig:option:`SHELL_BACKEND_SERIAL_API` now does not default automatically to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`SHELL_BACKEND_SERIAL_API` now does not automatically default to
```

  :kconfig:option:`SHELL_BACKEND_SERIAL_API_ASYNC` when :kconfig:option:`UART_ASYNC_API` is

>   enabled, :kconfig:option:`SHELL_ASYNC_API` also has to be enabled to be able to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  enabled, :kconfig:option:`SHELL_ASYNC_API` also has to be enabled in order to use the
```

>   enabled, :kconfig:option:`SHELL_ASYNC_API` also has to be enabled in order to use the

Reviewer 2: The Kconfig options need the `CONFIG_` prefix
